{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author Yun Chung}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25900\viewh22080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 To Start App:
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
1. Start MongoDB:   mongod --dbpath ~/data --port 27017\
2. Start Redis:   brew services start redis\
3. Start MySql:   brew services start mysql\
4. Start Server:   gulp serve\
\
\
\

\f0\b\fs48 \ul Development:
\f1\b0\fs44 \ulnone \
1. Turn off VS Code Prettier (format on save)\
1. Fetch Latest Updates from Develop (or Staging/Production) Branch:   git checkout develop   &   git pull origin develop\
2. Take a "Before" Screenshot of the Issue\
3. Using the Issue Number, Create a Local Branch:   git checkout -b issue-###\
4. Develop...\
5. When Finished, Remove All Comments from Code\
6. PUSH:   git add <path of file with updated changes>   &   git commit -m <a short and meaningful comment for your updates>\
7. Prepare to Create Pull Request:\
	i. git checkout develop\
	ii. git pull origin develop\
	iii. git checkout <your branch name>\
	iv. TEST ONE LAST TIME\
	v. Take an "After" Screenshot of the Issue\
	vi. If Everything Works:   git merge develop\
	vii. git push origin <your branch name\
8. In GitHub, Click On [Pull Requests tab](https://github.com/glassnor/PlateRate/pulls)\
9. Leave a Comment and Create the New Pull Request. Don't Forget to Apply a Label\
10. Update Ticket \
11. Move Ticket to "Completed But Not Merged"\
\
\
Development velocity???}